NOTE - MODIFYING THIS FILE IN UNINTENDED WAYS WILL CAUSE THE PROGRAM TO CRASH
NOTE - ADDING EXTRA SPACES AT THE END IS NOT OK
Refreshing (Pressing R) will take changes in config.
Just make sure you actually saved the file.
Write the intended values after equal signs (with a space).
*If no accepted value is specified then you can assume everything is accepted.
e.g. 'You poopie' = Hah

1) Which state should the program start on? (Loop is #7)
Default: Default
Accepted values: All, Chronological, Default

'statedefault' = Default

2) Autopause on startup?
Default: False (Invalid Values)
Accepted values: True/False

'autopause' = False

3) Default Song to Start on. (1 Based)
Default: Invalid value (no)
If you want to start with a random song, just put an invalid value.
Accepted values: Any numbers within the default Track / All of them combined (depending on what you start on)
'defaultSongnumber' = no

4) Default Track to start on. (1 Based)
Default: Invalid value (no)
If you want to start with the first track, just put an invalid value.
Accepted values: Within the number of Tracks availible. Cmon, its not that hard.
'defaultTracknumber' = no

5) Volume on Startup?
Default value: 0.5
Accepted values: 0-1 up to tenth places.

'volume' = 0.5

6)How many ticks should be in between animation refreshs?
Note: Lower number means faster animation which means more resources used.
However, this player uses very little resources. I recommend you change just for visuals
Default (Recommended) value: 3.
Animations use 24 frames/second (60tps), which is a refresh rate of 2.5. Round that to get 3.
Accepted values: Any whole numbers. (0 IS INVALID)
'animationrefresh' = 3

7) Start with a loop (THE most dumb setting I put in)
Default value: False (Invalid Values)
Accepted Values: True/False

'LoopOnStartup' = False

FROM NOW ON ITS ABRITRARY FLAVOR TEXT.
YOU DO NOT NEED TO CHANGE IT TO HAVE A FULL EXPERIENCE.

8) Error text
Default value: ERROR

'error' = ERROR

9) What should the goodbye message be?
Default value: Done playing music! Have a wywy day!

'goodbye' = Done playing music! Have a wywy day!

10) What should the warning be when an invalid search is entered?
Default value: You didn't search anything! Lmao

'nosearch' = You didn't search anything! Lmao

11) What should the warning be when attempted to do something while searching?
Default value: Cmon, stop searching before you unpause!

'searchguardian' = Cmon, stop searching before you unpause!

12) What should the warning be when attempting to do something while looping?
Default value: Stop right there! Disable loop (L key) before doing other things. - Your local Program Guardian

'loopguardian' = Stop right there! Disable loop (L key) before doing other things. - Your local Program Guardian
